it is July 15 Friday July 15 and our new
name yes theory just launched on
snapchat discover so we have not been
posting on YouTube for a long time but
we're about to start posting a lot more
we're mainly gonna be based on snapchat
discover this channel is about to live a
third life so for the first video the
rebirth of this channel we thought we'd
start by explaining why we do what we do
I think I should put a better shirt on
America give me a minute all right
where's Matt Matt okay all right where
we talking about Marla's through the
beach instead let's go ahead down over
here yeah it's been a while I don't even
know if anyone cares anymore I think I
just wanted to mention a little bit
about why this is so important to us
when you experience something new
something fresh that you've never done
before
you come back into your daily life with
new ideas and that's something we kind
of discovered as we were getting started
every time we tried something new we
felt like we came back home with a
slightly different mind and you mindset
more excited about life in general and
it's not always the experience within
itself it's also everything unexpected
that happens around it too before during
and after we've had so many mishaps that
at the end make the experience so much
more fun and worth it
so if there's one thing I want you guys
to remember from this channel and moving
forward we're four friends in four
different countries and we don't care
every time we say we're four friends in
four different countries people are
surprised and the fact that it's
surprising is surprising for us it
shouldn't be in 2016 so
the open-minded about the world everyone
started to say yes more to life and to
new experiences and to people I think we
live in a much better world and I think
a lot of people will be a lot happier
than they are today but for those of you
that watch this and like and comment
that means you get scared enough to come
back so thank you so much you are the
core of you're the core of our viewers
so you have no idea
for the first time in a while see you
tomorrow